Add solutioninvalid warning option (#28110)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/problems/SolutionInvalidity.md

The [/SolutionInvalidity.md] object holds solution invalid warning information for MOOSE. This object allows you to mark a solution as "invalid" under certain conditions and output in which objects and how many times the conditions occurs. An invalid solution means that the solution somehow does not satisfy requirements, such as a value being out of the bounds of a correlation.  Solutions are allowed to be invalid *during* the nonlinear solve, but they are not allowed to be invalid once the solve has converged. A "converged" solution that is marked as invalid will cause MOOSE to behave as if the solution did NOT converge - including cutting back timesteps, etc.

> To declare a solution as "invalid", use the macros in the following code to mark it. The user can provide a message to describe the reason for invalidity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a solution as "invalid", use the macro in the following code to mark it. The user can provide a message to describe the reason for invalidity:
```
the other macro does not declare invalid

!listing /test/src/materials/NonsafeMaterial.C  re=\s+if \(_fe_problem.dt() < 1 && _test_invalid_recover\)(?:.|\n)*\}

> The `flagInvalidSolution` macro will mark solution as not converged when invalid solution is detected while the `flagSolutionWarning` marco doesn't affect solution convergence but still count invalid solution occurrences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flagInvalidSolution` macro will mark the solution as not converged when it is triggered, as the solution is considered invalid. On the other hand, `flagSolutionWarning` marco does not affect solution convergence, as the solution is not invalid, but it still counts and reports on the number of occurrences.
```

To declare a solution as "invalid", use the macro in the following code to mark it. The user can provide a message to describe the reason for invalidity:

!listing /test/src/materials/NonsafeMaterial.C  re=\s+if \(_fe_problem.dt\(\) < 1 && _test_invalid_recover\)(?:.|\n)*\}

> The `flagInvalidSolution` macro will mark solution as not converged when invalid solution is detected while the `flagSolutionWarning` marco doesn't affect solution convergence but still count invalid solution occurrences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flagInvalidSolution` macro will mark the solution as not converged when triggered. The `flagSolutionWarning` will not do so but simply report on the number of warnings encountered.
```
